replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/rules/exclude_rule_for_certain_filetypes.md

```
  \- id: my_detected-artifactory-password
```

> 3. Exclude the target filetype in question from the rule through the [`path` field](/semgrep-appsec-platform/user-management/#controlling-access-through-roles): 

Author: ```suggestion
3. Exclude the target filetype in question from the rule through the [`path` field](/deployment/teams#user-roles-and-access): 
```
